539 components button loading state (#880)
adevinta/spark: packages/components/icon-button/src/IconButton.doc.mdx

<Canvas of={stories.Intent} />

## Loading

> Use `isLoading` prop to set the color intent of a button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the isLoading prop to show its loading state. By default, the button will show a spinner and leave the button's width unchanged
```
